All right,
that was introduction to React Native.
I hope you enjoyed it,
I hope you found it useful.
The goal of this was to show
you a bunch of kind of main
components that you used to build things.
So we've looked at views, text.
We looked that scroll views FlatList,
we looked at how to do styling,
we looked at how to do conditioning,
we looked at navigation.
So we have bottom tabs.
We have modals, we have stack navigators,
we looked at data persistence
with AsyncStorage.
We looked at layout animations like
amazing full page animations with very
little code.
We looked at how to add joy
to your app using haptics and
push notifications, and some confetti.
So as mentioned earlier, we left
the third screen intentionally blank.
So hopefully, you have an idea of
something I think some utility that you
might want to build for
your home or for your everyday use.
And hopefully you have some ideas now and
knowledge of how to do this in
React Native, is this it, [LAUGH]?
Well, thank you, [LAUGH].
>> Students.: [APPLAUSE]